        There are three types of variables in java : local, instance and static.

        1. Local Variables:
            Are the variables which are created inside a block of code like method,
            loop, switch statement, if else condition or a constructor.

        Advantages:
            We should always prefer local variables to instance or static variables because they
            live for the shortest period of time inside your RAM.
            *Program called garbage collector automatically deletes from the memory variables which are not in use anymore.
        DisAdvantages:
            Very limited in scope--> They can't be accessed outside the block of code/method in which they are created
        Class Countries{

        void USA(){

        String person="Elisa Bro";
        }

        void Russia(){
        System.out.println(person) // we will get an error because right now Person is only
        //accessible in USA method
        }

        }

       2. Instance variables:
            They are created inside the class but outside of a method/block of code.

        Advantages:
            Instance variables are accessible everywhere in a class in all methods/ blocks of code
            inside that class but not in static methods.

        DisAdvantages:
            They keep on occupying the memory for longer periods of time.


       3. Static variables:
            if we have an instance variable with a static keyword then it is called as static variable

        Advantages:
            They have the highest scope available even outside an object
            They are called  class level variables--> that's why no matter how many
            objects we create from that class only one variable is created (only one memory location is occupied;
            If we know that a value will stay the same for all the objects of a class
            we should always go with static variable that way we can save a lot of memory

        DisAdvantages:
            They occupy the memory for longest period of time
            They can hold only a single value for all the objects.